# Release Notes

## 0.2.7

- Log exceptions in run-step-f

- Move result value logging to trace level

## 0.2.6

- Ensure AssertionError is handled
  Failed assertions were causing fsmop to hang.

## 0.2.5

- Add first fail exeception to :exception key

## 0.2.4

- Remove reflection warnings

## 0.2.3

- Fix typo triggereing compilation fail with clj 1.5

## 0.2.2

- Allow timeouts to Operation deref and wait-for
  Add clojure.lang.IBlockingDeref to Operation, and add an arity to
  wait-for.

## 0.2.1

- Add a running? predicate to the Control protocol
  The predicate returns true if the operation is still running, and has not
  completed or failed.

- Use three value returns for failed? and complete?
  Return nil if the operation is still running.

- Add a print-method for Operation to avoid blocking
  When an operation is printed at the repl, it shouldn't cause the repl
  block.

## 0.2.0

- Update to pallet-fsm 0.2.0

- Throw on deref if :exception in operation map
  Use wait-for to access the operation result without throwing.

- Require clojure 1.4
  Also drops usage of slingshot.

## 0.1.4

- Use the new fsm :lock-transition feature
  Races were being caused by state-change events triggering transitions
  before the original transition was completed.

## 0.1.3

- Ensure exceptions thrown in asynch functions are reported
  Fixes #4

- Update to pallet-fsm [0.1.1](https://github.com/pallet/pallet-fsm/blob/develop/ReleaseNotes.md#011)

## 0.1.2

- Fix issue with constant name for anonymous function generated by set-in-env.
  Fixes #2.

## 0.1.1

- Fix issue with seq-init when no tasks present
  The return value was not being set, and the op-stack was not being
  popped. Fixes #1

## 0.1.0

Initial release.
